WHY THE HELL IS THIS IN THE TOP 20
It sucks! A wannabe pokemon movie.
lmao at star wars. star wars sucks
Most over-rated movie of all time.
Chevy isn't funny in any disguise.
couldn't wait to leave this movie.
FAR TOO MUCH TALKING.ABSOLUTE CRAP
another movie on the sequel craze.
Boring garbage. Not even laughable.
Dont make em like this anymore.....
please don't see this movie. please
Wretched. Worse than pulling teeth.
Nothing special... The movie sucks.
The worst one of the entire series!
not scary, all around it wasnt good
NOT EVEN WORTH TAKING OUT ON VIDEO!
Not smart comedy but stupid comedy!
Oh my god! This movie sucked so bad
Given the title, pretty amateurish.
this is not a great tom hanks movie.
Very undeserving of all the acclaim.
Ben Affleck is the worst actor ever.
Finally, something worse than Reds .
you couldn't pay me to see this crap
Oh Lord in his Heaven this is awful.
This movie was so stupid and boring.
You aint neva guna get cold mountain
I thought this movie sucked majorly!
I only have one thing to say, poopy!
That movie was an asault on my ears!
A lot of money was thrown away here.
Yet, another lousy overrated remake.
It wasn't that funny or interesting.
this puerter rican cant act for sh*t
www.fear.com/sucksbigmonkeynuts.html
It's just the same as the first one.
I didn't see it but I know it sucks.
Why oh why did they make this movie?
What the f**k's the fuss all about???
Yes, let us not have another, please!
A stupid story .....no laughs for me.
Worst movie ever. Are you kidding me?
The movie just seems old way overdone
The Abyss is where this mess belongs.
Just another slutty James Bond movie.
stupid. pointless and unentertaining.
Just can't watch rubber sharks.......
Why couldn't they leave Grease alone?
Really stupid film, not funny at all.
The most overrated movie of all TIME!
who let this get so high up the list?
Not enough people killed in this one.
one of the worst movies i've ever seen
I want 90 minutes of my life back. . .
IT'S THE SAME THING AS ALL THE OTHERS!
As if the first one wasn't bad enough.
One of the most overrated movies ever!
Boring, depressing and very confusing.
WAY too conufusing, not enough action.
Ridiculously pathetic.Two thumbs down.
...as if the first two weren't enough.
How does DMX keep getting these roles?
There was no salvaging this shipwreck.
Oh, the awful trend this crap started.
I want to vomit just by watching this.
was not impressed with the movie at all
This is the worst movie I've ever seen.
Terrible movie that deserves no awards.
Awful! Terrible, angst-ridden nonsense!
One of the worst movies I've ever seen.
If I hear Cera scream one more time!!!!
Does this movie even deserve a comment?
Why should we care about this low life?
Once again good actors and a bad movie.
Don't understand the appeal of this one.
Dreadful. Even worse than the first one.
Saw it once; never want to see it again.
Bad Hollywood remake off of the cartoon.
This movie was a waste of $8.25 2 hours.
I'd rather watch 90 minutes of Previews.
Hate it! There's no songs to sing along.
whats so great about this movie it sucks
Same crap different movie. Make it stop.
I'm still waiting for the funny parts...
Proving Jim Carrey and drama do not mix.
There's nothing worth a damn about Mary.
With Diesel, this film is a real turkey.
Stupid! I wish we could give a 0 rating!
Michael Moore can kiss my republican ass.
Dreadfully dull, alternating with smarmy.
The sad part was, they found the bastard.
Boring and tiresome. Show me to the door.
Thank God that Freddy will never be back.
lousy movie i didn't find it funny at all
Whistle While You Work? How effin cheesy!
Somebody shoot the producer of this sh*t.
I will say this once.. I HATE HELEN HUNT!
One of the worst movies I have ever seen.
The first one was bad. This one is worse.
Over-rated and lame. This movie bored me.